data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libimobiledevice-glue-1.0.a                   libimobiledevice-glue-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libimobiledevice-glue-1.0.la                  libimobiledevice-glue-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice-glue/cbuf.h              libimobiledevice-glue
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice-glue/collection.h        libimobiledevice-glue
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice-glue/glue.h              libimobiledevice-glue
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice-glue/nskeyedarchive.h    libimobiledevice-glue
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice-glue/opack.h             libimobiledevice-glue
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice-glue/sha.h               libimobiledevice-glue
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice-glue/socket.h            libimobiledevice-glue
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice-glue/termcolors.h        libimobiledevice-glue
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice-glue/thread.h            libimobiledevice-glue
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice-glue/tlv.h               libimobiledevice-glue
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice-glue/utils.h             libimobiledevice-glue
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libimobiledevice-glue-1.0.so                  libimobiledevice-glue
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libimobiledevice-glue-1.0.pc        libimobiledevice-glue
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/libimobiledevice-glue/copyright         libimobiledevice-glue
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libimobiledevice-1.0.a                        libimobiledevice-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libimobiledevice-1.0.la                       libimobiledevice-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/afcclient                                     libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idevice_id                                    libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idevicebackup                                 libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idevicebackup2                                libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idevicebtlogger                               libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idevicecrashreport                            libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idevicedate                                   libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idevicedebug                                  libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idevicedebugserverproxy                       libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idevicedevmodectl                             libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idevicediagnostics                            libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ideviceenterrecovery                          libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ideviceimagemounter                           libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ideviceinfo                                   libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idevicename                                   libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idevicenotificationproxy                      libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idevicepair                                   libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ideviceprovision                              libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idevicescreenshot                             libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idevicesetlocation                            libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idevicesyslog                                 libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/afc.h                    libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/companion_proxy.h        libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/debugserver.h            libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/diagnostics_relay.h      libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/file_relay.h             libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/heartbeat.h              libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/house_arrest.h           libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/installation_proxy.h     libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/libimobiledevice.h       libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/lockdown.h               libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/misagent.h               libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/mobile_image_mounter.h   libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/mobileactivation.h       libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/mobilebackup.h           libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/mobilebackup2.h          libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/mobilesync.h             libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/notification_proxy.h     libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/preboard.h               libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/property_list_service.h  libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/restore.h                libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/reverse_proxy.h          libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/sbservices.h             libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/screenshotr.h            libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/service.h                libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/syslog_relay.h           libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/webinspector.h           libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libimobiledevice-1.0.so                       libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libimobiledevice-1.0.pc             libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/libimobiledevice/copyright              libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/afcclient.1.gz                     libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/idevice_id.1.gz                    libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/idevicebackup.1.gz                 libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/idevicebackup2.1.gz                libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/idevicebtlogger.1.gz               libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/idevicecrashreport.1.gz            libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/idevicedate.1.gz                   libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/idevicedebug.1.gz                  libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/idevicedebugserverproxy.1.gz       libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/idevicedevmodectl.1.gz             libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/idevicediagnostics.1.gz            libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ideviceenterrecovery.1.gz          libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ideviceimagemounter.1.gz           libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ideviceinfo.1.gz                   libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/idevicename.1.gz                   libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/idevicenotificationproxy.1.gz      libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/idevicepair.1.gz                   libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ideviceprovision.1.gz              libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/idevicescreenshot.1.gz             libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/idevicesetlocation.1.gz            libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/idevicesyslog.1.gz                 libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libtatsu.a                                    libtatsu-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libtatsu.la                                   libtatsu-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libtatsu/tatsu.h                          libtatsu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libtatsu/tss.h                            libtatsu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libtatsu.so                                   libtatsu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libtatsu-1.0.pc                     libtatsu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/libtatsu/copyright                      libtatsu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libusbmuxd-2.0.a                              libusbmuxd-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libusbmuxd-2.0.la                             libusbmuxd-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/inetcat                                       libusbmuxd
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/iproxy                                        libusbmuxd
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/usbmuxd-proto.h                           libusbmuxd
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/usbmuxd.h                                 libusbmuxd
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libusbmuxd-2.0.so                             libusbmuxd
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libusbmuxd-2.0.pc                   libusbmuxd
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/libusbmuxd/copyright                    libusbmuxd
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/libusbmuxd/copyright.1                  libusbmuxd
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/inetcat.1.gz                       libusbmuxd
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/iproxy.1.gz                        libusbmuxd
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/add_device                                    netmuxd
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/netmuxd                                       netmuxd
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/passthrough                                   netmuxd
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/netmuxd/copyright                       netmuxd
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/__about__.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/__init__.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/__pycache__/__about__.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/__pycache__/exceptions.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/__pycache__/fernet.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/__pycache__/utils.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/exceptions.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/fernet.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/__init__.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/__pycache__/_oid.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/_oid.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/backends/__init__.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/backends/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/backends/openssl/__init__.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/backends/openssl/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/backends/openssl/__pycache__/backend.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/backends/openssl/backend.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/__init__.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/_rust/__init__.pyi python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/_rust/_openssl.pyi python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/_rust/asn1.pyi python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/_rust/exceptions.pyi python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/_rust/ocsp.pyi python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/_rust/openssl/__init__.pyi python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/_rust/openssl/aead.pyi python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/_rust/openssl/ciphers.pyi python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/_rust/openssl/cmac.pyi python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/_rust/openssl/dh.pyi python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/_rust/openssl/dsa.pyi python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/_rust/openssl/ec.pyi python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/_rust/openssl/ed25519.pyi python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/_rust/openssl/ed448.pyi python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/_rust/openssl/hashes.pyi python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/_rust/openssl/hmac.pyi python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/_rust/openssl/kdf.pyi python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/_rust/openssl/keys.pyi python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/_rust/openssl/poly1305.pyi python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/_rust/openssl/rsa.pyi python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/_rust/openssl/x25519.pyi python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/_rust/openssl/x448.pyi python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/_rust/pkcs12.pyi python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/_rust/pkcs7.pyi python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/_rust/test_support.pyi python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/_rust/x509.pyi python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/_rust.abi3.so python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/openssl/__init__.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/openssl/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/openssl/__pycache__/_conditional.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/openssl/__pycache__/binding.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/openssl/_conditional.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/bindings/openssl/binding.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/decrepit/__init__.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/decrepit/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/decrepit/ciphers/__init__.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/decrepit/ciphers/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/decrepit/ciphers/__pycache__/algorithms.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/decrepit/ciphers/algorithms.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/__init__.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/__pycache__/_asymmetric.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/__pycache__/_cipheralgorithm.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/__pycache__/_serialization.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/__pycache__/cmac.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/__pycache__/constant_time.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/__pycache__/hashes.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/__pycache__/hmac.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/__pycache__/keywrap.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/__pycache__/padding.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/__pycache__/poly1305.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/_asymmetric.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/_cipheralgorithm.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/_serialization.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/asymmetric/__init__.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/asymmetric/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/asymmetric/__pycache__/dh.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/asymmetric/__pycache__/dsa.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/asymmetric/__pycache__/ec.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/asymmetric/__pycache__/ed25519.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/asymmetric/__pycache__/ed448.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/asymmetric/__pycache__/padding.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/asymmetric/__pycache__/rsa.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/asymmetric/__pycache__/types.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/asymmetric/__pycache__/utils.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/asymmetric/__pycache__/x25519.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/asymmetric/__pycache__/x448.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/asymmetric/dh.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/asymmetric/dsa.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/asymmetric/ec.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/asymmetric/ed25519.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/asymmetric/ed448.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/asymmetric/padding.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/asymmetric/rsa.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/asymmetric/types.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/asymmetric/utils.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/asymmetric/x25519.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/asymmetric/x448.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/ciphers/__init__.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/ciphers/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/ciphers/__pycache__/aead.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/ciphers/__pycache__/algorithms.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/ciphers/__pycache__/base.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/ciphers/__pycache__/modes.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/ciphers/aead.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/ciphers/algorithms.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/ciphers/base.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/ciphers/modes.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/cmac.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/constant_time.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/hashes.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/hmac.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/kdf/__init__.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/kdf/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/kdf/__pycache__/argon2.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/kdf/__pycache__/concatkdf.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/kdf/__pycache__/hkdf.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/kdf/__pycache__/kbkdf.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/kdf/__pycache__/pbkdf2.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/kdf/__pycache__/scrypt.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/kdf/__pycache__/x963kdf.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/kdf/argon2.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/kdf/concatkdf.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/kdf/hkdf.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/kdf/kbkdf.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/kdf/pbkdf2.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/kdf/scrypt.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/kdf/x963kdf.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/keywrap.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/padding.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/poly1305.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/serialization/__init__.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/serialization/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/serialization/__pycache__/base.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/serialization/__pycache__/pkcs12.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/serialization/__pycache__/pkcs7.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/serialization/__pycache__/ssh.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/serialization/base.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/serialization/pkcs12.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/serialization/pkcs7.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/serialization/ssh.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/twofactor/__init__.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/twofactor/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/twofactor/__pycache__/hotp.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/twofactor/__pycache__/totp.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/twofactor/hotp.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/hazmat/primitives/twofactor/totp.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/py.typed python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/utils.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/x509/__init__.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/x509/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/x509/__pycache__/base.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/x509/__pycache__/certificate_transparency.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/x509/__pycache__/extensions.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/x509/__pycache__/general_name.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/x509/__pycache__/name.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/x509/__pycache__/ocsp.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/x509/__pycache__/oid.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/x509/__pycache__/verification.cpython-312.pyc python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/x509/base.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/x509/certificate_transparency.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/x509/extensions.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/x509/general_name.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/x509/name.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/x509/ocsp.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/x509/oid.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography/x509/verification.py python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography-44.0.0.dist-info/INSTALLER python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography-44.0.0.dist-info/METADATA python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography-44.0.0.dist-info/RECORD python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography-44.0.0.dist-info/REQUESTED python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography-44.0.0.dist-info/WHEEL python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography-44.0.0.dist-info/direct_url.json python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography-44.0.0.dist-info/licenses/LICENSE python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography-44.0.0.dist-info/licenses/LICENSE.APACHE python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/cryptography-44.0.0.dist-info/licenses/LICENSE.BSD python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/rust/Cargo.toml      python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/rust/cryptography-cffi/Cargo.toml python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/rust/cryptography-keepalive/Cargo.toml python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/rust/cryptography-key-parsing/Cargo.toml python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/rust/cryptography-openssl/Cargo.toml python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/rust/cryptography-x509/Cargo.toml python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/rust/cryptography-x509-verification/Cargo.toml python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/python-cryptography/LICENSE             python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/python-cryptography/LICENSE.APACHE      python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/python-cryptography/LICENSE.BSD         python-cryptography
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/maturin                                       python-maturin
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/maturin/__init__.py  python-maturin
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/maturin/__main__.py  python-maturin
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/maturin/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python-maturin
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/maturin/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-312.pyc python-maturin
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/maturin-1.8.1.dist-info/INSTALLER python-maturin
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/maturin-1.8.1.dist-info/METADATA python-maturin
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/maturin-1.8.1.dist-info/RECORD python-maturin
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/maturin-1.8.1.dist-info/REQUESTED python-maturin
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/maturin-1.8.1.dist-info/WHEEL python-maturin
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/maturin-1.8.1.dist-info/direct_url.json python-maturin
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/maturin-1.8.1.dist-info/top_level.txt python-maturin
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/python-maturin/license-apache           python-maturin
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/python-maturin/license-mit              python-maturin
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/__init__.py      python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/__pycache__/_crypto.cpython-312.pyc python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/__pycache__/buffer.cpython-312.pyc python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/__pycache__/tls.cpython-312.pyc python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/_crypto.py       python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/_hazmat.abi3.so  python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/_hazmat.pyi      python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/asyncio/__init__.py python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/asyncio/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/asyncio/__pycache__/client.cpython-312.pyc python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/asyncio/__pycache__/protocol.cpython-312.pyc python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/asyncio/__pycache__/server.cpython-312.pyc python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/asyncio/client.py python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/asyncio/protocol.py python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/asyncio/server.py python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/buffer.py        python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/h3/__init__.py   python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/h3/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/h3/__pycache__/connection.cpython-312.pyc python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/h3/__pycache__/events.cpython-312.pyc python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/h3/__pycache__/exceptions.cpython-312.pyc python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/h3/connection.py python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/h3/events.py     python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/h3/exceptions.py python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/py.typed         python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/quic/__init__.py python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/quic/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/quic/__pycache__/configuration.cpython-312.pyc python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/quic/__pycache__/connection.cpython-312.pyc python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/quic/__pycache__/crypto.cpython-312.pyc python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/quic/__pycache__/events.cpython-312.pyc python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/quic/__pycache__/logger.cpython-312.pyc python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/quic/__pycache__/packet.cpython-312.pyc python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/quic/__pycache__/packet_builder.cpython-312.pyc python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/quic/__pycache__/rangeset.cpython-312.pyc python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/quic/__pycache__/recovery.cpython-312.pyc python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/quic/__pycache__/retry.cpython-312.pyc python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/quic/__pycache__/stream.cpython-312.pyc python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/quic/configuration.py python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/quic/connection.py python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/quic/crypto.py   python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/quic/events.py   python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/quic/logger.py   python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/quic/packet.py   python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/quic/packet_builder.py python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/quic/rangeset.py python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/quic/recovery.py python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/quic/retry.py    python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/quic/stream.py   python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3/tls.py           python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3-1.2.1.dist-info/INSTALLER python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3-1.2.1.dist-info/METADATA python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3-1.2.1.dist-info/RECORD python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3-1.2.1.dist-info/REQUESTED python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3-1.2.1.dist-info/WHEEL python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3-1.2.1.dist-info/direct_url.json python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/qh3-1.2.1.dist-info/licenses/LICENSE python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/python-qh3/copyright                    python-qh3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/__init__.py python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/__pycache__/_cache.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/__pycache__/_core.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/__pycache__/_dns.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/__pycache__/_engine.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/__pycache__/_exceptions.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/__pycache__/_history.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/__pycache__/_listener.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/__pycache__/_logger.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/__pycache__/_record_update.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/__pycache__/_transport.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/__pycache__/_updates.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/__pycache__/asyncio.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/__pycache__/const.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_cache.cpython-312.so python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_cache.pxd  python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_cache.py   python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_core.py    python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_dns.cpython-312.so python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_dns.pxd    python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_dns.py     python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_engine.py  python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_exceptions.py python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_handlers/__init__.py python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_handlers/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_handlers/__pycache__/answers.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_handlers/__pycache__/multicast_outgoing_queue.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_handlers/__pycache__/query_handler.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_handlers/__pycache__/record_manager.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_handlers/answers.cpython-312.so python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_handlers/answers.pxd python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_handlers/answers.py python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_handlers/multicast_outgoing_queue.cpython-312.so python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_handlers/multicast_outgoing_queue.pxd python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_handlers/multicast_outgoing_queue.py python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_handlers/query_handler.cpython-312.so python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_handlers/query_handler.pxd python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_handlers/query_handler.py python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_handlers/record_manager.cpython-312.so python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_handlers/record_manager.pxd python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_handlers/record_manager.py python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_history.cpython-312.so python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_history.pxd python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_history.py python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_listener.cpython-312.so python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_listener.pxd python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_listener.py python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_logger.py  python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_protocol/__init__.py python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_protocol/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_protocol/__pycache__/incoming.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_protocol/__pycache__/outgoing.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_protocol/incoming.cpython-312.so python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_protocol/incoming.pxd python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_protocol/incoming.py python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_protocol/outgoing.cpython-312.so python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_protocol/outgoing.pxd python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_protocol/outgoing.py python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_record_update.cpython-312.so python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_record_update.pxd python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_record_update.py python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_services/__init__.cpython-312.so python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_services/__init__.pxd python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_services/__init__.py python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_services/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_services/__pycache__/browser.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_services/__pycache__/info.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_services/__pycache__/registry.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_services/__pycache__/types.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_services/browser.cpython-312.so python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_services/browser.pxd python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_services/browser.py python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_services/info.cpython-312.so python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_services/info.pxd python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_services/info.py python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_services/registry.cpython-312.so python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_services/registry.pxd python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_services/registry.py python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_services/types.py python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_transport.py python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_updates.cpython-312.so python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_updates.pxd python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_updates.py python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_utils/__init__.py python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_utils/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_utils/__pycache__/asyncio.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_utils/__pycache__/ipaddress.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_utils/__pycache__/name.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_utils/__pycache__/net.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_utils/__pycache__/time.cpython-312.pyc python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_utils/asyncio.py python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_utils/ipaddress.cpython-312.so python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_utils/ipaddress.pxd python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_utils/ipaddress.py python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_utils/name.py python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_utils/net.py python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_utils/time.cpython-312.so python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_utils/time.pxd python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/_utils/time.py python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/asyncio.py  python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/const.py    python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf/py.typed    python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf-0.136.2.dist-info/COPYING python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf-0.136.2.dist-info/INSTALLER python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf-0.136.2.dist-info/METADATA python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf-0.136.2.dist-info/RECORD python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf-0.136.2.dist-info/REQUESTED python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf-0.136.2.dist-info/WHEEL python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/zeroconf-0.136.2.dist-info/direct_url.json python-zeroconf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/python-zeroconf/copyright               python-zeroconf
