data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libimobiledevice-glue-1.0.a                   libimobiledevice-glue-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libimobiledevice-glue-1.0.la                  libimobiledevice-glue-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice-glue/cbuf.h              libimobiledevice-glue
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice-glue/collection.h        libimobiledevice-glue
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice-glue/glue.h              libimobiledevice-glue
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice-glue/nskeyedarchive.h    libimobiledevice-glue
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice-glue/opack.h             libimobiledevice-glue
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice-glue/sha.h               libimobiledevice-glue
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice-glue/socket.h            libimobiledevice-glue
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice-glue/termcolors.h        libimobiledevice-glue
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice-glue/thread.h            libimobiledevice-glue
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice-glue/tlv.h               libimobiledevice-glue
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice-glue/utils.h             libimobiledevice-glue
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libimobiledevice-glue-1.0.so                  libimobiledevice-glue
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libimobiledevice-glue-1.0.pc        libimobiledevice-glue
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/libimobiledevice-glue/copyright         libimobiledevice-glue
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libimobiledevice-1.0.a                        libimobiledevice-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libimobiledevice-1.0.la                       libimobiledevice-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/afcclient                                     libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idevice_id                                    libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idevicebackup                                 libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idevicebackup2                                libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idevicebtlogger                               libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idevicecrashreport                            libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idevicedate                                   libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idevicedebug                                  libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idevicedebugserverproxy                       libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idevicedevmodectl                             libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idevicediagnostics                            libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ideviceenterrecovery                          libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ideviceimagemounter                           libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ideviceinfo                                   libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idevicename                                   libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idevicenotificationproxy                      libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idevicepair                                   libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ideviceprovision                              libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idevicescreenshot                             libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idevicesetlocation                            libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idevicesyslog                                 libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/afc.h                    libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/companion_proxy.h        libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/debugserver.h            libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/diagnostics_relay.h      libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/file_relay.h             libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/heartbeat.h              libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/house_arrest.h           libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/installation_proxy.h     libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/libimobiledevice.h       libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/lockdown.h               libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/misagent.h               libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/mobile_image_mounter.h   libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/mobileactivation.h       libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/mobilebackup.h           libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/mobilebackup2.h          libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/mobilesync.h             libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/notification_proxy.h     libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/preboard.h               libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/property_list_service.h  libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/restore.h                libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/reverse_proxy.h          libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/sbservices.h             libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/screenshotr.h            libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/service.h                libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/syslog_relay.h           libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libimobiledevice/webinspector.h           libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libimobiledevice-1.0.so                       libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libimobiledevice-1.0.pc             libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/libimobiledevice/copyright              libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/afcclient.1.gz                     libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/idevice_id.1.gz                    libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/idevicebackup.1.gz                 libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/idevicebackup2.1.gz                libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/idevicebtlogger.1.gz               libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/idevicecrashreport.1.gz            libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/idevicedate.1.gz                   libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/idevicedebug.1.gz                  libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/idevicedebugserverproxy.1.gz       libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/idevicedevmodectl.1.gz             libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/idevicediagnostics.1.gz            libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ideviceenterrecovery.1.gz          libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ideviceimagemounter.1.gz           libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ideviceinfo.1.gz                   libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/idevicename.1.gz                   libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/idevicenotificationproxy.1.gz      libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/idevicepair.1.gz                   libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ideviceprovision.1.gz              libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/idevicescreenshot.1.gz             libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/idevicesetlocation.1.gz            libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/idevicesyslog.1.gz                 libimobiledevice
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libtatsu.a                                    libtatsu-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libtatsu.la                                   libtatsu-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libtatsu/tatsu.h                          libtatsu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libtatsu/tss.h                            libtatsu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libtatsu.so                                   libtatsu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libtatsu-1.0.pc                     libtatsu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/libtatsu/copyright                      libtatsu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libusbmuxd-2.0.a                              libusbmuxd-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libusbmuxd-2.0.la                             libusbmuxd-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/inetcat                                       libusbmuxd
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/iproxy                                        libusbmuxd
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/usbmuxd-proto.h                           libusbmuxd
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/usbmuxd.h                                 libusbmuxd
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libusbmuxd-2.0.so                             libusbmuxd
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libusbmuxd-2.0.pc                   libusbmuxd
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/libusbmuxd/copyright                    libusbmuxd
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/libusbmuxd/copyright.1                  libusbmuxd
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/inetcat.1.gz                       libusbmuxd
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/iproxy.1.gz                        libusbmuxd
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/add_device                                    netmuxd
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/netmuxd                                       netmuxd
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/passthrough                                   netmuxd
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/netmuxd/copyright                       netmuxd
